{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang16393\deflangfe16393\themelang16393\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f384\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f390\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f391\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f421\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}
{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs22\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang16393\langfe16393\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang16393\langfe16393\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid9967222\rsid11621165\rsid12130680\rsid16590415}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0
\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Rishit Sharma}{\creatim\yr2024\mo10\dy24\hr21\min18}{\revtim\yr2024\mo10\dy24\hr21\min20}{\version3}{\edmins2}{\nofpages16}{\nofwords2570}
{\nofchars14651}{\nofcharsws17187}{\vern105}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale120\rsidroot11621165 \nouicompat \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\sa200\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang16393\langfe16393\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs40 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs40\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 1. SAMAYRA'S POV}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af37\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f37\fs36\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 She was broken, with scars that told her story}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 .
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
The rain poured down, matching my gloomy mood. The usual energy of Mumbai was hidden behind the grey sky. I stood at my window, lost in the sound of the raindrops.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Ishanya's call interrupted my reverie. "Hey Sam!! Did you get the parcel?"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Parcel? Ishanya, my birthday is still far away," I said, laughing.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Arre, I know yaar, but I sent it early. I'm busy with my cousin's wedding here in New York. I wanted to ensure it reaches you on time," Ishanya explained.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 She sent me a gift for my so-called birthday,\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  which is still many days away, but she gets more excited about my birthday than I do.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Okay, I'll check. But you shouldn't have sent it so early," I teased.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "I had to! Besides, I'll be back before your birthday. We can celebrate then," Ishanya said enthusiastically.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Just as I was about to ask, "How's Vivaan and little Rehan?" Ishanya interrupted the conversation.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Sorry, I'm getting called for a function. Catch you later!"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 The line went dead.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I smiled, missing my friend already.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I decided to freshen\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 up. Wrapped in a plush towel, I stood before my closet, a haven of colors and textures. Racks of intricately embroidered kurtas and sarees lined one side, while Western wear filled the other. A shelf displayed my favorite accessories - statement jeweller
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 y and scarves.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
"Something cheerful," I thought, choosing a vibrant yellow kurta with delicate floral patterns pairing it with distressed denim jeans and slip-on sneakers. Matching earrings completed the outfit. The brightness lifted my mood.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I styled my hair, letting loose waves cascade down my back. A light dusting of makeup enhanced my features - a subtle blush, defined eyebrows, and a soft lip gloss.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Before leaving, I paused at my puja room, seeking comfort in the familiar ritual. I lit a diya, said a silent prayer, \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 and applied a kumkum bindi.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I started my car, opting to drive instead of walk due to the rain. The courier office was nearby, and I arrived quickly.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 The familiar staff greeted me warmly as I approached the counter.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Ma'am, please sign here with your full name," the clerk asked, his eyes fixed on me.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I hesitated, my pen hovering over the paper. Full name? The question cut deep, a painful reminder of all I'd lost. My father, my sole source of love and support, was gone. His warmth, his kindness, his guidi
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ng hand - all silenced forever.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 My mind recoiled from memories of my mother's indifference, her coldness that still lingered like an open wound. And my surname? A constant reminder of the family that never truly accepted me.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 The staff's gentle prompt broke the spell: "Ma'am, hurry up, it's almost lunchtime." I checked my watch; it was 1 pm.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 With a shaking hand, I scribbled "Samayra." The loneliness echoed through me like a hollow whisper. I took my parcel and walked away.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Outside, the rain had stopped, \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 and the atmosphere was pleasant. I drove with the windows open, inhaling the scent of rain-soaked earth - hayee ye mitti di khushboo.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Everything looked vibrant, as if the plants had just taken a refreshing shower. Even the air was clean, a rare respite from Mumbai's usual car exhaust fumes.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 At the traffic signal, I noticed a couple heading to college, hand in hand, tears pricked at the corners of my eyes as I recalled his gentle guidance. My heart twisted, memories of him resurfacing.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Why was I thinking \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 of Arnav? Had I forgotten that fateful night, the pain he caused? Five years had passed, but the wounds still lingered.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 My heart aches, remembering those moments.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 My phone rang, breaking the silence. "Rohan speaking." My PA's crisp voice cut through.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Ma'am, I've sent you the book signing details. Please review and let me know if any changes are required."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Thank you, Rohan. I'll check and get back to you."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 As I ended the call, pride swelled within me. I wished my father were here to see this - I had become an author, fulfilling his dream.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 But before I could savour the moment, my phone buzzed again, shattering the silence.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Samayra, we need to talk..." The voice\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  sent a shiver down my spine.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 IT'S HER....
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 My mother.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Samayra, are you there?" her voice had cut through my thoughts earlier, demanding and impatient, just like always.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
It took everything in me to respond, to stop myself from hanging up and pretending I hadn't heard her. "Yes... I'm here," I'd whispered, my voice weak and trembling, a far cry from the confident woman I'd become. The woman who had survived without her mot
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 her's love. Who had made a life-despite her.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 My chest tightened as she continued. \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "We need to talk. It's important."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Important. Now it was important. After all these years of silence, of pretending we didn't exist to each other, now she suddenly had something important to say.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I'd waited my whole life for her to tell me something was important-me, maybe, that I was important to her. But of course, that wasn't what this was about. It never had been.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Wha\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 t's so important now?" I had asked, my voice small, the words trembling on my lips. "After all this time, what could possibly be so important?"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I didn't expect an answer, not really. And even if she had one, I didn't want to hear it. Not from her. Not after everything.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 But I knew better. I should have known better.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Her voice returned, colder than ever. "It's not just about you, Samayra. There are things you need to know about the family."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Family. The word twisted in my chest, a cruel joke. Family meant \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
love, support, safety-everything my mother had never given me. Family had been my father, the one person who had made me feel like I mattered. And now, even he was gone.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Can you meet me tomorrow at home?"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 HOME??????
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 That word hit me like a punch to the gut. Home. The house I grew up in but never truly belonged to. The house that held all the cold memories, the silences, the looks that said I wasn't wanted. That house was never mine.

\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I could feel the familiar knot tightening in my chest. I closed my eye\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
s, trying to keep my voice steady as I spoke. "I'll meet you," I said, my voice cracking despite my efforts to keep it together. "But not there. Not at that place. We can meet somewhere else... outside. A resort, maybe."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 She paused for a moment, long enough that I wondered if she was even listening. Then, as casually as she'd started the conversation, she said, "Okay."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 And just like that, she hung up, without a goodbye, without a second thought. The silence on the other end felt colder than the rain outsi\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 de.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
I stared at my phone, my fingers trembling, the weight of her words pressing down on me like a boulder. All these years, I had tried to distance myself from her, from that house, from everything it represented. But here she was, barging back into my life 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
as if nothing had changed, as if I hadn't walked away from that suffocating place all those years ago. My breath hitched, and suddenly, I felt the tears welling up. My vision blurred as the dam I'd been holding back started to crack. I was done pretend
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ing to be strong. I was done holding it all in.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
I parked my car at the corner of the road, unable to drive any further. The pressure in my chest built, and the tears I had been fighting spilled over. I gripped the steering wheel, my knuckles white, as sobs wracked my body.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
I wanted to scream. I wanted to cry until there was nothing left. All the hurt, all the rejection, all the love I never got-everything came crashing down at once.Why now? Why did she come back into my life just when I had finally starte
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 d to feel like I was moving forward?
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
I cried like I hadn't in years, my body shaking with the force of it, the rain outside merging with the storm inside me. I cried for the little girl who never got her mother's love, for the woman I had become who still carried the weight of that loss, and
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  for the strength it would take to face her again.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I wasn't ready. I wasn't ready. Not after so many years.
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
*****************************************************
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid11621165 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Spoiler alert!!!!!
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 My mom said, "You have to help your brother."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I asked, "What kind of help?"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "You're the only one who can save him."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "What is it?" I asked, my voice soft, though my heart was racing.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Thanks for reading, please share, comment and vote. The next part is coming soon :)
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs40 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs40\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid11621165 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs40 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs40\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 2.  SAMAYRA'S POV}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\i\f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Blood ties can bind, but they can also suffocate.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
I drove home, my mother's words echoing in my mind. "We need to talk." Just four words, yet they had thrown everything into chaos. Something so small shouldn't hurt this much, but it did.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 As I entered the building, Harish Kaka, the watchman, noticed my tear-streaked face. "Kya hua, Samayra beta? You look upset," he asked softly.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I forced a weak smile, trying to hide the pain. "It's nothing, Kaka. Just a lot on my mind today, "I murmured softly.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 His expression softened, though I could see the doubt in his\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  eyes. "Take care, beta. If you need anything, I'm here."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
I nodded and hurried to the lift, needing the peace and quiet of my apartment. As soon as I got in, I went straight to the bathroom. I turned on the shower and let the cold water hit me, hoping it would make the pain go away. But it didn't. The pain staye
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 d with me, no matter how long I stood there.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I finally got out and wrapped myself in a towel. My eyes were puffy and my skin felt cold, but that was nothing compared to the chaos inside me. As I wa\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
lked into the living room, I saw the package from Ishanya. For a moment I was distracted by curiosity.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
I opened the parcel and found a stunning silver necklace. The pendant was shaped like a delicate flower, with tiny sparkling stones in the centre. The thin chain was elegant, making the necklace look both simple and beautiful. Alongside it was a note in h
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 er familiar handwriting:
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "To my dearest Sam, can't wait to celebrate your birthday together! Love, Ishanya."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Tears welled up again, but this time, they\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 were tears of bittersweet memories-of the late-night talks, the endless jokes, and the unwavering friendship. I quickly pulled out my phone and messaged Ishanya, "Thank you so much for the beautiful necklace! miss you girl!"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 The rest of the evening went by in a blur, my mind filled with questions that wouldn't let me rest. The next morning, I woke up with a sense of unease. I arrived at the cafe, seeking a moment of clarity.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I stepped into the cafe, surrounded by its cozy atmosphere. Soft morning light p\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
oured in through big windows, shining warmly on wooden tables. The scent of fresh coffee and baked goods filled the air.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 By the window,\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 my mother sat poised, sipping her favourite masala chai. She wore a stunning navy blue kurta that flowed gracefully with a matching churidar and dupatta, exuding elegance. The sunlight caught her silver jewellery, making it sparkle like tiny stars, while
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  her hair was neatly styled in a bun. As I walked closer, my anxiety heightened, when I saw him.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Varun, my elder brother standing behind her, his eyes met mine. They were filled with guilt and desperation.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I hadn't seen him for years.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Memories of the boy\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  he used to be flooded back, but now, he looked different-older, burdened.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I sat down slowly, bracing myself. "You wanted to talk?" I asked cautiously, looking at my mother.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "You have to help your brother."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "What kind of help?" I pressed.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "You're the only one who can save him."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "What is it?" I asked, my voice soft, though my heart was racing.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 My brother stepped forward, clearing his throat nervously. "It's about my company..."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I cut him off. "Father's company!!"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Yes, Father's company," he said quie\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 tly. "Mother managed it after he passed, but... now it's in trouble."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
The words struck me hard, bringing back memories of my father's legacy-Malhotra Media, a renowned publishing house known for its magazines, articles, and online content. It had been founded by my grandfather, and expanded by my father. It was a symbol of 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 our family's success and pride.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 But now, it was struggling?
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 His's voice pulled me back to the present. "It started after we published an article about Siddhanth Oberoi's mother."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 My eyes snapped to his. "What article?"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 He looked away, shame washing over his face. "We reported that she's alive and in rehab for drug addiction."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 A wave of disbelief crashed over me. "Why would you allow such a publication? Don't you know who the Oberois are?"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "My brother's words echoed in my mind: 'Siddhanth Oberoi, the business tycoon-his empire spanned real estate, tech, and finan\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ce." He was involved in everything, and his influence was everywhere. But behind the headlines, his personal life was a mystery. There were rumors about his family, suggesting he had a sister, but no one knew the truth about his parents. Were they alive o
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 r dead? No one knows.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
His shoulders slumped under the weight of his decision. "I thought it was sensational news. It would attract readers and boost our revenue. But when Siddhanth found out, he exploded. He ordered us to take it down, and we did"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 The gra\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 vity of his words settled like lead in my stomach. "And what happened after that?"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Siddhanth was furious. He threatened me, saying the only way to save me and Malhotra Media was if..." He hesitated, dread creeping into his eyes.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "If what, Varun bhai..." I started, the words slipping out automatically, but I quickly caught myself, hesitating. "No, I mean... if what, Mr. Malhotra?"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 His voice trembled. "If you marry him."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 For a moment, I was paralyzed by shock. The absurdity of it felt unreal. "Marry him?\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 Are you serious?" I struggled to comprehend the implications. Siddhanth Oberoi-the very man whose family secrets had triggered this chaos-was being offered as a solution to our problems?
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I scoffed, trying to process. "Why would he want to marry me? I have nothing to do with Father's company."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 His shoulders slumped. "I... I don't know," he mumbled, his voice barely above a whisper.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 My anger flared. "You don't know? You're asking me to marry someone to save the company, but you don't even know why he want\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 s this?"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 My brother averted his gaze, his silence louder than any words he could have spoken.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I stood up abruptly, my chair scraping against the floor. My heart pounded in my chest, fury mixing with confusion. How could they even ask me that?
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "I can't marry him," I said, my voice firm. "Never." I picked up my bag and walked away, but my mother grasped my hand, her grip tightening. Her touch sent shivers down my spine, but it wasn't gentle. It was forced.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "I don't want to lose my beta," she pleaded, her voice trembling. "I already lost my husband, that too, because of..." She hesitated.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I looked b\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ack, shaking off her grip. "Why did you stop?" I asked angrily. "Just say what you think. Call me by the same name you always do-murderer." I turned to my brother, my voice rising. "Why would I even help you? Have you ever considered me your sister after 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Father died? Did you both ever see me as family? But now, suddenly, you're asking me to marry someone just to save yourself?"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 His gaze dropped, the weight of my words settling between us like a thick fog. "I... I know things have been difficult since..."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Since he died?" I snapped, cutting him off. "You both made it clear I was no longer part of this family. So why now?
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Please, Samayra, consider this proposal. Not for me, but for the company that Father built."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 The mention of my father's name hit me hard. Memories flooded back, and a lump formed in my throat. Saving his legacy suddenly seemed important.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Yet, uncertainty crept in. Was I being selfish by refusing? Was I really considering my family's well-being?
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I shook off the doubts and picked up my ba\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
g. "I have to go," I muttered, avoiding eye contact. Without another word, I turned and walked away, leaving my brother and mother staring after me.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I stepped out of the cafe, my mind reeling with thoughts. I pulled out my phone and dialed Rohan, my PA.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Rohan, book an appointment for me with...," I hesitated, "with Mr. Oberoi."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Mr. Siddhanth Oberoi, ma'am?" Rohan's voice was laced with curiosity.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Yes, that's the one. And gather all the information you can about him. I want to know everything."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "It won't be easy, ma'am," Rohan said. "Just try," I pressed.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "What's the purpose of the meeting ma'am?" he asked.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "I need to discuss the proposal he made through my family," I replied.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Understood, ma'am. I'll also gather information about him for you."
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I cut the call. I had to meet him, no matter what. The proposal, my family's legacy, and my own future hung in the balance. I needed answers, and only M\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 r. Oberoi could provide them.
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 **************************************************************
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid16590415 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
So, what did you think of this chapter, readers? I hope you enjoyed the emotional rollercoaster! Your support means the world to me, so thank you for being part of this journey.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Don't forget to add Forced To Forever to your library to get notified about new parts-trust me, you won't want to miss what's coming next!
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Now, here's a little teaser: Are you ready to meet the our Siddhanth Oberoi? What do you think he's really like? Share your thoughts in the comments below!
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I can't wait to hear what you all th\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ink!
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid11621165 
\par \page 
\par \page 
\par \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\fs28\lang9\langfe16393\kerning0\langnp9\insrsid12130680 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax376\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Link;}}{\*\datastore 01050000
02000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000f056
b76d2c26db01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}